how do you redesign one of the most
popular crossovers in the country
carefully very carefully the all-new
Toyota Highlander gets improvements
where they're needed most but it also
retains the virtues that Highlander fans
expect here are five reasons to keep
those expectations high reinvented
cabbage if there's one thing that held
the previous Highlander back it was
lackluster interior quality but the new
Highlander has soft touch materials
everywhere and there's even fancy accent
stitching on the dashboard it's a
premium environment that justifies the
price seating for eight the old
Highlander only had two seats in the
third row but the new ones a little
wider so now there's enough space for a
three-person bench in the way back that
makes the Highlander one of the few
midsize crossovers with the standard
eight passenger capacity v6 and sharper
transmission the Highlander continues to
employ Toyota's 3.5 liter v6 and that's
great news it's smooth its quiet and it
is fast when you give it the Spurs
helping matters is the responsive new
six-speed automatic transmission which
replaces the previous 5-speed you can
really feel the extra snap when you pull
out to pass impressive fuel economy
although the Highlander is available
with the cheaper four-cylinder engine
Toyota expects almost every model to
have the v6 why because the much
stronger v6 is the same 25 miles per
gallon on the highway that's remarkable
fuel economy for a 270 horsepower 8
passenger crossover composed ride and
handling the Highlander may look like a
big wagon on stilts but it feels
surprisingly buttoned down from behind
the wheel
Toyota has redesigned the suspension
with double wishbones in the rear and
the result is less body roll and more
composure and corners as for the ride
quality its smoother than ever with all
these improvements is the Highlander the
best midsize crossover you can buy go
test-drive one yourself and tell us what
you think